Fix spellings (#23504)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/json/stringify/index.md

> `JSON.stringify()` converts a value to JSON notation representing it:

Author: > Is this okay?

```suggestion
`JSON.stringify()` converts a value to the JSON notation that the value represents. Values are stringified in the following manner:
```

- {{JSxRef("Boolean")}}, {{JSxRef("Number")}}, {{JSxRef("String")}}, and {{jsxref("BigInt")}} (obtainable via [`Object()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/Object)) objects are converted to the corresponding primitive values during stringification, in accordance with the traditional conversion semantics. {{jsxref("Symbol")}} objects (obtainable via [`Object()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/Object)) are treated as plain objects.

> - Attempting to serialize {{jsxref("BigInt")}} values will throw. However, if the BigInt has a `toJSON()` method (through monkey patching: `BigInt.prototype.toJSON = ...`), that method can provide the serialization result. This constraint ensures that a proper serialization (and, very likely, its accompanying deserialization) behavior is always explicitly provided by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attempting to serialize the values that {{jsxref("BigInt")}} will throw. However, if `BigInt` has a `toJSON()` method (using monkey patching: `BigInt.prototype.toJSON = ...`), that method can provide the serialization result. This constraint ensures that a proper serialization (and, very likely, its accompanying deserialization) behavior is always explicitly provided by the user.
```
- This may be outside the scope of this pull request but this sentence needs to be rewritten: "Attempting to serialize {{jsxref("BigInt")}} values will throw."

Reviewer 2: A "BigInt" is a type and used like an adjective, so the revision sounds weird...

Author: > * This may be outside the scope of this pull request but this sentence needs to be rewritten: "Attempting to serialize {{jsxref("BigInt")}} values will throw."

Agree. Apart from tense, the API want us to provide our own toJSON (and parse) method for BigInt values.
How about this?
```suggestion
- Attempt to serialize a {{jsxref("BigInt")}} value throws a TypeError. However, if the BigInt object has a `toJSON()` method, which can be added by monkey patching (`BigInt.prototype.toJSON = ...`), then that method provides the serialization result. This constraint forces developers to provide their own serialization for BigInt values. Corresponding deserialization can be provided using the [reviver function](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/parse#reviver) argument to `JSON.parse()` method.
```
